primitive value and Object .

in javascript everything is an object except primitive type.
String,Number,Boolean can be Object if defined with keyword "new" 



Array.prototype.reduce() has two argument is a callback function and initValue.
callback function it will be called once for every item in the array.
This function takes four argument, but often only the fisrt two argument.

accumulator - the returned value of the previous iteration.(if don't have initvalue => accumulator= first value of array)
currentValue -the current item in the array.
index - the index of the current item
array - the original array on which reduce was called.


Compare Array.prototype.map() and Array.prototype.reduce()
difference:

+ Map : return an array. has size equal array original.tranform value of array

+ reduce: return single value that is can be of any type.

+ argument of callback function:+ Map has three argument :current value, index , array original
				+ reduce has four argument: accumulator ,current value,index,array


array.prototype.filter() : it takes each element in the array and it applies a conditional statement agains it. if this conditional return true. the element gets "pushed" to the output array.


javaScript Object are Mutable 
Object are mutable : they are addressed by reference, not by value

Note: Javascript variables are not mutable.Only Javascript object.

+Javacript Prototypes:
All JavaScript objects inherit the properties and methods from their prototype.

Objects created using an object literal, or with new Object(), inherit from a prototype called Object.prototype.

Objects created with new Date() inherit the Date.prototype.

The Object.prototype is on the top of the prototype chain.

All JavaScript objects (Date, Array, RegExp, Function, ....) inherit from the Object.prototype.
adding properties and methods to Objects
sometimes you want to add new properties(or methods) to an existing object
sometimes you want to add new properties(or methods) to all existing object of a given type.
sometimes you want to add new properties(or methods) to an object prototype

Note: Prototype properties can have prototype values (default values).????? what the default values of prototype properties.

----------------------------------------------Number--------------------------------------------------------------
javascript will try to convert strings to numbers in all numeric operations: / * -  except operator : + 


